#Desert Bus Auction Notifier

Want to give Desert Bus more of your money to the children but forget to look at the schedule?  
Missing out on all the awesome live auctions because you were reading Redit or Emails or that whole "job" thing?  
Have trouble reading chat because seriously, chat is insane and complaining is for the weak?  
Well, worry no longer, for the Desert Bus Auction Notifier is here to try and solve that!

##Features

The Desert Bus Auction Notifier is a Google Chrome extension that will give you a Google Chrome Notification when
the current status of live auctions changes.  The following trigger an alert to your screen:

- New High Price
- Going Once
- Going Twice
- SOLD

In addition, the notifications have a button to get you straight to Desert Bus's Twitch channel, removing that whole "typing in the web address"
thing out of the equation.

##Data

All data is generated by a custom API designed to monitor Desert Bus Live Auctions through Chat.
The endpoing can be found at [http://dbauction.herokuapp.com/status](http://dbauction.herokuapp.com/status "Auction Status").

The following information is returned by this JSON API:

```json
{
	inAuction: true,		// Is there an auction currently going (boolean)
	goingOnce: false,		// Is the auction in "Going Once" (boolean)
	goingTwice: false,		// Is the auction in "Going Twice" (boolean)
	sold: false,			// Is the auction in "Sold" (boolean)
	price: "$0.00",			// The current price in USD (string)
	highBidder: "Notch",	// The bidder with the current highest bid (string)
	prize: "Silica Gel"		// The name of the current auction according to BidBot (string)
}
```

All data is based on what BidBot says in chat, so data might get weird if they keep accidentally triggering auctions.

##About

This extension is made and maintained by Zac Lovoy(@zwlovoy) (BigZoz in DB Chat).  
All Desert Bus assets are owned by [Desert Bus For Hope](http://desertbus.org "Desert Bus").
Made during Desert Bus 8.  All code is licensed under the MIT License, so feel free to mess with it!  
Seriously, go throw more money at them.  [DO IT!!!](http://desertbus.org/donate "DO IT")

#FOR THE CHILDREN
